---
layout: post
title: "1 June 2017"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---

Yesterday I went to sleep late, so today I didn't wake up too early.

I was tired and I was operative at around 9.00, definitely too late, so I stayed in bed for a while, then I took a quick shower and I finally I get out to go to the university.

I followed class of Computer Security that was quite alright and I also befriend this girl, Erica Stella. We had talked before but no much, today she asked me my last name so she added me on facebook.

I have never been "too gentle" with her and I have no idea what ideas she got, she had a boyfriend... I have no idea what happened.

Anyway after CS I followed Machine Learning, was an exercise session, not that boring.

After class I got back home since I forgot my lunch box in the fridge, I ate pasta with feta and tomatoes, made by Giulio, it was good.

I spend some time at my PC and I decide to go to class of Mechanics.

In the way I lost both keys of my new bike lock! Dammit.
I went back lloking carefully in the road, but nothing.
I got the old lock, and I got back to class, looking again very carefully, nothing.
After class I went back walking, looking every and single inch, nothing. Damm!

Once I was home I agreed with Ema and she booked I ride to go to the seaside tomorrow, hopefully we won't find too much traffic.

Then I went back to the poli were I meet Matteo and two of its friends and we went to the Road House, the burger were half price.

We bough a bottle of wine and 4 beers at the careffour and the burgers to go.

We ate those massives burger in Piazza D'Aosta, drinking everything, was quite nice.

A little hang out and finally I went back home.

I studied a little of mechanics and now it is quite early but I am going to sleep, that tomorrow I have to wake up early :)

Happy Hacking!

