---
layout: post
title: "2 June 2017"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---

Today we want to the sea!!!

I wake up quite early and I already had everything ready!

So I put in my backpack just a couple of snack and I went out.

We were fairly lucku since Ema was able to catch my same metro, so we went far along to Famagosta together.
Then we wait the train for Assago.

Once in Assago we waited for our BlaBlaCar, we didn't wait much.

It was a couple, him fairly ugly she quite alright... We couldn't figure out how and why they ended up together, but ok.

The journey was quite uneventful, but it was LONG! We took almost 4 hours to get to the sea... Considering that are just 150Km is quite a lot, we talked a bit but nothing excessive.

Once near Genova we followed my navigator and we went through the city, quite nice honestly but I don't think I would enjoy the city. Too much traffic, and too much chaos.

We arrive at Pieve Ligure and I am not quite sure what happened, anyway they parked the car and we get out, they also get out, talked a bit, decide to meet again there and keep in touch by phone.

Ema and I decide to go down in the beach, we kinda liked the place but we were hungry, so we go back up, find a small Bar and decided to take 16€ of food, with two Piadine (quite good), coke, coffee and also a new bottle of water.

We decide to go back to the beach.

It was not a sand beach but it was just rock with an access to the sea.

We decide to go under the shadow and put on the solar cream, we were quite funny two geeks at the sea and a lot of solar cream! 

After all that solar cream we decide to change spot, there were too many kids fooling around and there wasn't a clean and simple access to the water.

We walked on the other side of the reef and we found our perfect spot, a little bit of shadow very simple access to the water and without many kids, a family spot...

We approached the water very slowly, we started with just the feet, damn it was cold.

Anyway I managed to send Ema in the water but she resisted for like one minutes.

We decide to fool around a bit but finally we decide to make our bath.

The water was crystal clear, just like in Livorno. It was cold just at the very beginning, but after few moments it was quite enjoyable.

We swim around quite a bit then we went to the sun where she put me on some more sun cream.

We decide to go back in water and we started to chat with a lady that was next to us, quite an interesting conversation.

We did another quick bath and after we get out and dry we decide to go get the train to go in Camogli.

We weren't sure of where the train station actually was but we dinally found it walking a bit, we made in time to get the train and in roughly 10 minutes we were in Camogli.

Camogli was nice, but nothing special.. Very, too much, touristic.

We walked quite quickly around the city, but it is not huge.

Finally we went to the beach, it was a rocky beach, so (very) small rocks. The water wasn't as clean as in Pieve Ligure and it was just as cold.

Nevertheless I decide to make one last bath, I was all alone because Ema was too cold, but I enjoyed it.

Drying in the beach a read a little bit and Ema was so kind to get me some Schiacciata, it was good but definitely too expensive.

Finally we re-meet with our BlaBla car and we decide to try to go at the fair of Acciuga. 
We took the car and we started to climb the Liguria's hills, climb, climb and clib we arrived at a sport center we people waiting.

We parked the car and we went asking what was the deal. The people were waiting for a shuttle to the actual fair, there were like 60/80 people and the shuffle took only ~20 people for trip, it took like 20 minutes... We weren't willing to wait more than an hour.

We decide to go to the fair by car hoping to find a spot where to park, we were out of luck.

We decide to go back in Milano.

Our BlaBla car weren't too experience drivers, and we took a couple of wrong turns around Genove and around Milano.

We took quite a while to actually go back in Milano Lambrate, but we managed it.

We went to Isola and we ate a Pizza, quite enjoyable.

Finally we went to sleep together, quite an happy day.








{% include JB/setup %}
