---
layout: post
title: "30 April 2017"
description: ""
category: log
tags: []
---

Today was nothing special.

I was sleeping at Ema's house and as always I was late. It is just to comfortable being just awake next to her. She is always so  warm, smooth and soft.

Anyway I get up, wash, dressed and finally I get out to go follow a meccanic lesson about friction.

After that I went to follow class of Computing Infrastructure, the lectured talked about Hadoop.
I also get the chance to talk with an Erasmus student from Norway, she seems quite nice but I am afraid she is quite alone here in Milan.

In a break I went to eat a piece of bread.

Finished class I went to the Mundial and I took a square of pizza for lunch, it was enough.

Once I got home I talked a bit with Giulio and we saw cartoons together, then we went to talk with Marika to understand for our accomodation next year, nothing conclusive.

Then, I studied meccanic, I quite enjoyed it.

When I got bored I decide to go buy groceries, I switched the lock in my bike and I bough ~10€ of food.

As soon as I got home I found Ferdi with a girl in my room, she is no one but they spend the whole afternoon together, weird.
Anyway I puted my ribs in the oven and I went to the gym.

There were too many people but still I got to do some exercise.

Then shower, and I talked with my parents, still about next year's accomodation and if they were about to come visit in Milan.

Giulio cooked very nice french fries in the oven and I really enjoyed them with the ribs and a cool can of beer.

After I cleaned up everything I got back to my computer and I decide to fix my blog.

I hope to find the time to write daily a log but also to dump several ideas and comments that I always get during the days.

Hopefully :)

{% include JB/setup %}
