---
layout: post
title: "31 May 2017"
description: ""
category: 
tags: []
---

Today was another great day.

I didn't have class on the morning but only in the evening, between 16.00 and 18.00

So I spent the morning working on rediSQL, I fixed some details on the tests but I dind't add much.

I hate the "polpettone" and I spent the evening working on my lab of compilers, I start to get a good grasp on what is going on.
In class, Compilers, I had more time to work on the compiler and it was good to see finally some progress.

After class I get home and I started to read my math book, I read about differentiation... It is always good to refresh, even basic ideas.

Then I went to my computer where I worked a little bit more  on random stuff, mostly I helped Mariachiara. I fixed a problem in the worls cloud tables.

I ate dinner with Giulio, we made pane and mozzarella and wurstel it wasn't too much but it was enough.

I rushed out and I went to meet with Matteo and Andrea, I draged them out of the library and we went to the DEIB reunion.
There was music but I didn't love it... I didn't even stay  much because I went to get Ema after her tango lesson.

She was suppose to get out at 22.00, but I had to wait for her for 10 minutes, I told her but it isn't a big deal.

Also Rui joined us and we walked back to Lambrate, Ema midway get a call, Rui forgot her shoes at the Balera, so I borrow him my bike and I walked to the Mundial with Ema.

After that Rui took back his shoes and got back to us Ema bought an Ice Cream for lunch, we talked a little and we decide that I could go back to meet with Matte and Andrea, still at the DEIB.

I meet with them, but they were about to leave with some Iranian guys, MJ between them, to walk to the Mc Donalds in Loreto, better no.

So I call back Ema and luckly she was still in Lambrate, so I get to her and we walked together to Piola and talk and then sit on a bench.
I love her skin, is so soft, and I love how expressive she is.

We talked a bit and finally we took the metro.

In the metro there was also Tony, just a friendly "hi".

A reached Loreto, I went to the wrong McD and I finally reached my friends.

I took a milkshake and we talked a little bit. I also ackwoldge that a bottle of Limoncello that I left them went destroyed. Whatever.

After everything we decide to get back home, I took the metro alone since I needed to get to Lambrate to bring the bike back home.

Andrea walked home. It was weird.

Thats it is. I wish in an happy tomorrow for me, Ema and Andrea.




